update pull request instructions (#890)
replicatedhq/ship: CONTRIBUTING.md

All pull requests must be made from forks enabled on CircleCI, so that unit and acceptance tests can be executed prior to code being merged.

> Changelog descriptions should be in the present tense, such as 'Fixes a bug that made everything explode' or 'Adds a magical new feature'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changelog descriptions should be in the present tense, such as 'Fix a bug that made everything explode' or 'Add a magical new feature'.
```
